add: SVG Angle MDN Feature Pages (#37013)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/svgangle/converttospecifiedunits/index.md

---
title: "SVGAngle: convertToSpecifiedUnits() method"
short-title: convertToSpecifiedUnits()
slug: Web/API/SVGAngle/convertToSpecifiedUnits
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.SVGAngle.convertToSpecifiedUnits
---

{{APIRef("SVG")}}

The `convertToSpecifiedUnits()` method of the {{domxref("SVGAngle")}} interface allows you to convert the angle's value to a specified unit type. This method is used when you want to convert an angle from its current unit type to another specified unit.

## Syntax

```js
svgAngle.convertToSpecifiedUnits(unitType);
```

### Parameters

- **{{domxref("SVGAngle.unitType")}}**
  A constant representing the unit type to which the angle's value should be converted. This can be one of the following:
  - `SVG_ANGLETYPE_DEG` — Degrees
  - `SVG_ANGLETYPE_RAD` — Radians
  - `SVG_ANGLETYPE_GRAD` — Gradians
  - `SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNSPECIFIED` — Unitless (a number only)

### Return Value

> A reference to the updated {{domxref("SVGAngle")}} object.

Reviewer: It seems to return undefined.

> When the `convertToSpecifiedUnits()` method is successfully called, the `SVGAngle` object's `valueInSpecifiedUnits` is converted to match the specified `unitType`, and its value is updated accordingly. If the `SVGAngle` reflects the base value of an attribute, the corresponding attribute is re-serialized to reflect the updated angle.

Reviewer: This doesn't belong in "return value", it's a general description of the method's behavior. So it should go at the start, before `## Syntax`.

Also, this reads like it's copied from the spec. What do we want developers to understand about what this method does?

I'm not at all familiar with this API, but for example, it seems like we could say something like:

```suggestion
This function will:
- set the {{domxref("SVGAngle.unitType", "unitType")}} property to the given unit type
- update the {{domxref("SVGAngle.valueInSpecifiedUnits", "valueInSpecifiedUnits")}} and {{domxref("SVGAngle.valueAsString", "valueAsString")}} properties so the angle value is represented in the given unit type
```

Is that correct?

Author: yes, I have added it before syntax, along with other fixes

### Exceptions

This method may raise a {{domxref("DOMException")}} of one of the following types:

- `NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if the `SVGAngle` object is read-only and modification is attempted.
- `NOT_SUPPORTED_ERR` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the `unitType` is not a valid value or is `SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNKNOWN`.

Reviewer: I think we wouldn't document this exception. It's true of any method that you must pass it valid params. Also

## Examples

> Converting an angle to degrees

Reviewer: This is not a sentence. You could make it a heading and then have a short prose description of what the example is doing.

```js

> // Create an SVGAngle object
> const svg = document.createElementNS("http://www.w3.org/2000/svg", "svg");
> const angle = svg.createSVGAngle();
> 
> // Set the angle's value in radians (Math.PI / 2)
> angle.newValueSpecifiedUnits(SVGAngle.SVG_ANGLETYPE_RAD, Math.PI / 2);
> 
> // Convert the angle's value to degrees
> angle.convertToSpecifiedUnits(SVGAngle.SVG_ANGLETYPE_DEG);
> 
> // Retrieve the angle's value in degrees
> console.log(angle.value); // Output: 90
> console.log(angle.unitType); // Output: 2 (SVG_ANGLETYPE_DEG)

Reviewer: Because this example doesn't show the state of the object before calling `convertToSpecifiedUnits`, it doesn't show the effect of calling it. Also, `value` is always degrees, so AFAICT is unaffected by this method.

For instance, you could do:

```suggestion
// Create an SVGAngle object
const svg = document.createElementNS("http://www.w3.org/2000/svg", "svg");
const angle = svg.createSVGAngle();

// Set the angle's value in radians (Math.PI / 2)
angle.newValueSpecifiedUnits(SVGAngle.SVG_ANGLETYPE_RAD, Math.PI / 2);

// Retrieve the angle's value as a string
console.log(angle.valueAsString); // Output: 1.5708rad
console.log(angle.unitType); // Output: 3 (SVG_ANGLETYPE_RAD)

// Convert the angle's value to degrees
angle.convertToSpecifiedUnits(SVGAngle.SVG_ANGLETYPE_DEG);

// Retrieve the angle's value as a string
console.log(angle.valueAsString); // Output: 90deg
console.log(angle.unitType); // Output: 2 (SVG_ANGLETYPE_DEG)
```

```

> Attempting to convert to an unsupported unit type

Reviewer: I don't think this example is needed.

```js
try {
  // Create an SVGAngle object
  const svg = document.createElementNS("http://www.w3.org/2000/svg", "svg");
  const angle = svg.createSVGAngle();

  // Attempt to convert to an invalid unit type
  angle.convertToSpecifiedUnits(SVGAngle.SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNKNOWN);
} catch (e) {
  console.error(e.name); // Output: NotSupportedError
}
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

- {{domxref("SVGAngle.unitType")}}
- {{domxref("SVGAngle.valueInSpecifiedUnits")}}

> - {{domxref("SVGAngle.newValueSpecifiedUnits")}}

Reviewer: I don't think there's a lot of point in linking to other members of the same interface. They're all in the sidebar already. This section is for related pages which are not already accessible from the page.

Author: fixed!!
